Run history release note change (#3407)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes/08-May-2023/run-history-endpoint.md

---
title: "Run history retention changing to 365 days"
id: "run-history-endpoint"
sidebar_label: "Update: Run history available for 365 days"
sidebar_position: 6
tags: [May-22-2023, API, Scheduler]
---

> Beginning on June 1, 2023, dbt Cloud multi-tenant users can access run history for the previous 365 days through the dbt Cloud user interface (UI) and API, improving speed and accessibility. 

Author: ```suggestion
Beginning on June 1, 2023, dbt Cloud multi-tenant users can access run history for the previous 365 days through the dbt Cloud user interface (UI) and API. This update improves the application's speed and reliability, making it more performant for all users.
```

> Beginning on June 1, 2023, dbt Cloud multi-tenant users can access run history for the previous 365 days through the dbt Cloud user interface (UI) and API. This update improves the application's speed and reliability, making it more performant for all users.

Author: ```suggestion
Beginning on June 1, 2023, dbt Cloud multi-tenant users can access run history for the previous 365 days on a rolling basis through the dbt Cloud user interface (UI) and API. This update improves the application's speed and reliability, making it more performant for all users.
```

> Beginning on June 1, 2023, dbt Cloud multi-tenant users can access run history for the previous 365 days on a rolling basis through the dbt Cloud user interface (UI) and API. This update improves the application's speed and reliability, making it more performant for all users.

Author: ```suggestion
We are making a change to our data retention policy for run history in dbt Cloud.

Beginning on June 1, 2023, dbt Cloud multi-tenant users can access run history for the previous 365 days on a rolling basis through the dbt Cloud user interface (UI) and API. This update improves the application's speed and reliability, making it more performant for all users.
```

> Specifically, all `GET` requests to the dbt Cloud [Runs endpoint](https://docs.getdbt.com/dbt-cloud/api-v2#tag/Runs) will return information on runs, artifacts, logs, and run steps starting from June 1, 2022. The run history displayed in the dbt Cloud UI will also show runs from June 1, 2022 and onwards. 

Author: ```suggestion
Specifically, all `GET` requests to the dbt Cloud [Runs endpoint](https://docs.getdbt.com/dbt-cloud/api-v2#tag/Runs) will return information on runs, artifacts, logs, and run steps only for the past 365 days.  The run history displayed in the dbt Cloud UI will only show runs for the past 365 days.  
```

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/rn-run-history.jpg" width="100%" title="The dbt Cloud UI displaying a Run history"/>

> dbt Labs keeps older run events. To access run history older than 365 days, you'll need to contact dbt Cloud Support to request this. You can contact the Support team at [support@getdbt.com](mailto:support@getdbt.com) or using the dbt Cloud application chat for help by clicking the `?` icon in the dbt Cloud UI. 

Author: ```suggestion
dbt Labs will retain older run history until September 1, 2023, and will make it available to users who reach out to the Support team. To request older run history info, contact dbt Cloud Support to request at [support@getdbt.com](mailto:support@getdbt.com) or use the dbt Cloud application chat for help by clicking the `?` icon in the dbt Cloud UI. 
```

---

> title: "Run history retention changing to 365 days"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Run History Old Metadata Retrieval Change"
```

id: "run-history-endpoint"
sidebar_label: "Update: Run history available for 365 days"
sidebar_position: 6
tags: [May-22-2023, API, Scheduler]
---

> We are making a change to our data retention policy for run history in dbt Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are making a change to our metadata retrieval policy for run history in dbt Cloud. 
```

> Beginning on June 1, 2023, dbt Cloud multi-tenant users can access run history for the previous 365 days on a rolling basis through the dbt Cloud user interface (UI) and API. This update improves the application's speed and reliability, making it more performant for all users.

Author: ```suggestion

**Beginning June 1, 2023**, developers on the dbt Cloud multi-tenant application will be able to self-serve access to their account’s run history through dbt Cloud user interface (UI) and API for only the precious 365 days, on a rolling basis. This update minimizes the amount of metadata we retain and while maximizing application performance for all users. 
```

> **Beginning June 1, 2023**, developers on the dbt Cloud multi-tenant application will be able to self-serve access to their account’s run history through dbt Cloud user interface (UI) and API for only the precious 365 days, on a rolling basis. This update minimizes the amount of metadata we retain and while maximizing application performance for all users. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Beginning June 1, 2023**, developers on the dbt Cloud multi-tenant application will be able to self-serve access to their account’s run history through dbt Cloud user interface (UI) and API for only 365 days, on a rolling basis. Older run history will be available for download by reaching out to Customer Support. We're seeking to minimize the amount of metadata we store while maximizing application performance. 

```

Specifically, all `GET` requests to the dbt Cloud [Runs endpoint](https://docs.getdbt.com/dbt-cloud/api-v2#tag/Runs) will return information on runs, artifacts, logs, and run steps only for the past 365 days.  Additionally, the run history displayed in the dbt Cloud UI will only show runs for the past 365 days.  

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/rn-run-history.jpg" width="100%" title="The dbt Cloud UI displaying a Run history"/>

> dbt Labs will retain older run history until September 1, 2023, and will make it available to users who reach out to the Support team. To request older run history info, contact dbt Cloud Support to request at [support@getdbt.com](mailto:support@getdbt.com) or use the dbt Cloud application chat for help by clicking the `?` icon in the dbt Cloud UI. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dbt Labs will retain older run history in cold storage and can make it available to customers who reach out to Customer Support. To request older run history info, contact dbt Cloud Support to request at [support@getdbt.com](mailto:support@getdbt.com) or use the dbt Cloud application chat for help by clicking the `?` icon in the dbt Cloud UI. 
```

---

> title: "Older Run History Retrieval Change"

Author: changing to sentence case per style guide

```suggestion
title: "Older run history retrieval change"
```

> title: "Older run history retrieval change"

Author: ```suggestion
title: "Older Run History retrieval change"
```

> title: "Run History Old Metadata Retrieval Change"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Older Run History Retrieval Change"
```

id: "run-history-endpoint"

> sidebar_label: "Update: Older Run history retrieval change"

Author: changing to sentence case per style guide

```suggestion
sidebar_label: "Update: Older run history retrieval change"
```

> sidebar_label: "Update: Older run history retrieval change"

Author: ```suggestion
sidebar_label: "Update: Older Run History retrieval change"
```

> sidebar_label: "Update: Old Run history retrieval change"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sidebar_label: "Update: Older Run history retrieval change"
```

> sidebar_label: "Update: Run history available for 365 days"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sidebar_label: "Update: Old Run history retrieval change"
```

sidebar_position: 6
tags: [May-22-2023, API, Scheduler]
---

> We are making a change to our metadata retrieval policy for run history in dbt Cloud. 

Author: ```suggestion
dbt Labs are making a change to our metadata retrieval policy for run history in dbt Cloud. 
```

> dbt Labs is making a change to the metadata retrieval policy for run history in dbt Cloud. 

Author: ```suggestion
dbt Labs is making a change to the metadata retrieval policy for Run History in dbt Cloud. 
```

> dbt Labs are making a change to our metadata retrieval policy for run history in dbt Cloud. 

Author: ```suggestion
dbt Labs is making a change to the metadata retrieval policy for run history in dbt Cloud. 
```

> **Beginning June 1, 2023**, developers on the dbt Cloud multi-tenant application will be able to self-serve access to their account’s run history through dbt Cloud user interface (UI) and API for only 365 days, on a rolling basis. Older run history will be available for download by reaching out to Customer Support. We're seeking to minimize the amount of metadata we store while maximizing application performance. 

Author: ```suggestion
**Beginning June 1, 2023,** developers on the dbt Cloud multi-tenant application will be able to self-serve access to their account’s run history through the dbt Cloud user interface (UI) and API for only 365 days, on a rolling basis. Older run history will be available for download by reaching out to Customer Support. We're seeking to minimize the amount of metadata we store while maximizing application performance. 
```

> Specifically, all `GET` requests to the dbt Cloud [Runs endpoint](https://docs.getdbt.com/dbt-cloud/api-v2#tag/Runs) will return information on runs, artifacts, logs, and run steps only for the past 365 days.  The run history displayed in the dbt Cloud UI will only show runs for the past 365 days.  

Author: ```suggestion
Specifically, all `GET` requests to the dbt Cloud [Runs endpoint](https://docs.getdbt.com/dbt-cloud/api-v2#tag/Runs) will return information on runs, artifacts, logs, and run steps only for the past 365 days.  Additionally, the run history displayed in the dbt Cloud UI will only show runs for the past 365 days.  
```

Specifically, all `GET` requests to the dbt Cloud [Runs endpoint](https://docs.getdbt.com/dbt-cloud/api-v2#tag/Runs) will return information on runs, artifacts, logs, and run steps only for the past 365 days.  Additionally, the run history displayed in the dbt Cloud UI will only show runs for the past 365 days.  

> <Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/rn-run-history.jpg" width="100%" title="The dbt Cloud UI displaying a Run history"/>

Author: ```suggestion
<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/rn-run-history.jpg" width="100%" title="The dbt Cloud UI displaying a Run History"/>
```

> We will retain older run history in cold storage and can make it available to customers who reach out to our Support team. To request older run history info, contact the Support team at [support@getdbt.com](mailto:support@getdbt.com) or use the dbt Cloud application chat for help by clicking the `?` icon in the dbt Cloud UI. 

Author: ```suggestion
We will retain older run history in cold storage and can make it available to customers who reach out to our Support team. To request older run history info, contact the Support team at [support@getdbt.com](mailto:support@getdbt.com) or use the dbt Cloud application chat by clicking the `?` icon in the dbt Cloud UI. 
```

> dbt Labs will retain older run history in cold storage and can make it available to customers who reach out to Customer Support. To request older run history info, contact dbt Cloud Support to request at [support@getdbt.com](mailto:support@getdbt.com) or use the dbt Cloud application chat for help by clicking the `?` icon in the dbt Cloud UI. 

Author: ```suggestion
We will retain older run history in cold storage and can make it available to customers who reach out to our Support team. To request older run history info, contact the Support team at [support@getdbt.com](mailto:support@getdbt.com) or use the dbt Cloud application chat for help by clicking the `?` icon in the dbt Cloud UI. 
```

> This is a one-time event on limiting the self-service of run history. dbt Labs may introduce a metadata retention policy in the future. 

Author: ```suggestion
```
